feat: perl language parser (#2614)
intel/cve-bin-tool: README.md

The `--package-list` option can be used with a Python dependencies file `requirements.txt` to find the vulnerabilities in the list of components.

### Perl

The scanner examines the `cpanfile` file within a perl application to identify components. The package names and versions are used to search the database for vulnerabilities. 

> The `cpanfile` must contain the specific version of the dependency it have. If the dependency have the version range or no version specified it will be overlook. Here's an example of what a [`cpanfile`](https://github.com/intel/cve-bin-tool/blob/main/test/language_data/cpanfile) might look like.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `cpanfile` must specify the version data for the vulnerability scanner to work. At this time packages without versions will be ignored. (Patches welcome to improve this behaviour in future!)

Here's an example of what a [`cpanfile`](https://github.com/intel/cve-bin-tool/blob/main/test/language_data/cpanfile) might look like.
```
